[bird chirping]Jess?
JESS:
Yeah.
[whispering]:
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
[crying]:
God.
Oh, my...
What are you doing here?Oh, I was looking for you.
I looked for you everywhere.
Everywhere.
[sniffles]
[grunts]
I-Is this, like, Josiah's
new front or something?
Um...
No, it's...
it's just a regular...
a regular pet store.
What are you
doing here, then?
Working.
I-I work here.
How did-how did you find me?What?
Back up. You-you... Y...
Y-Y... You just have a-a job?
What's going on?
What's going on,
Jess? Jess?I'm s... I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.What? What is it?
What? About what?
For what?I'm sorry.
[whispers]:
I'm so sorry.
What's going on?
I-I don't get
what's happening.
Just tell me
what you're doing here.
Jess.[exhales]
What?I...
[exhales]
What? Just tell me.I needed to-to start over.
You needed to start over?
Are you kidding me?!
♪
You just ran away?!
I didn't run away.
What do you call this?
What is this?
Uh, what...Tell me what happened.
Tell me
how you got out of the fire.
Tell me how your blood ended up
all over the hospital room.
All of it!
Explain it to me.
Tell me what happened,
because you have
no idea what it's been like
living in here.Okay.
Okay.
[fire crackling]
I just assumed
that the fire was how Josiah
was planning to kill me.
Anyone?!
[grunts]
Hello?!
[coughing]
I guess I passed out.
Apparently Alex,
this girl who worked
at the arcade, broke a window
and dragged me out.
The next thing I know, I'm...
in the hospital.
I couldn't believe
that I was alive.
When I woke up,
Darnell told me what happened.
About how you made a deal
with Josh to get me out
and it all went
up in flames.
Literally.
I was terrified.
I was so scared
that Josiah was gonna find me,
and then just the thought
of prison
and just...
I mean, I never asked
for this, you know?
I can't do this anymore.
I... [coughs]
I just...
How did you get out?
I didn't.
Clearly.
[scoffs]
I probably never will.
At least, I don't see a way out.
JESS:
I couldn't sleep.
I kept thinking
about what Darnell said
and all the things I missed
about my old life.
Helping animals.
Going to the grocery store.
[chuckles softly]
Making toast.
I just wanted to...
wake up, read my phone
and make some stupid toast
because that's what I would do
every morning.
Every morning until you...
introduced us to Nia.
And in that moment,
I-I just wished
that I would've died
in that fire.
And then I realized
that if I did go to Canada
with you guys,
it-it wouldn't be over.
It'll never be over.
[chuckles]:
Because the only way out...
The only way out
is when you die.
So that's what I did.
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
♪
And I knew
that when Felix saw that room,
he would know
that Josiah found me
and finished the job.
And I thought you would
believe it, eventually.
[Pretzel whines]MURPHY: Shh! Pretzel.
We're trying to sleep.
JESS:
I tried calling you, and then...
I don't know.
MURPHY:
Jess.
[Jess inhales]Jess.
JESS:
The second I heard your voice,
I chickened out.
I didn't even know what to say.
I took the first bus
out of Chicago,
and I made it here,
and I got a place,
and I found a job, and I just...
prayed...
...that you would just move on.
Why didn't you just tell me
you didn't want to go to Canada?
Come on.
You would have
just sucked me back in.
We both know
that you would never
let me just go.
So I...
Faked your death?
[chuckles softly]
Yeah.
Apparently not very well.
[whispers]:
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I-I'm...
I'm sorry.
I should...
Don't touch me!
[gasps, coughs]
[panting]
[coughs]
Don't touch me.
[exhales]
Okay, yeah, yeah, I...
I get that you're mad.
I'm not even mad. I don't know
what this is.I honestly thought
that you would think
that Josiah...
that Josiah got to me.And then what?
You think I would just accept
that you were dead?
Well, yeah, I hoped.
You clearly
don't know me at all.
What?
You don't think I know you?
[laughs]: Come on.Apparently not.
Because if you did,
you would know
that I would never stop looking
for you! Ever!
Like I said, I
thought Felix
would have convinced
you eventually.
I mean, you listen
to everything he says anyway.
Oh, yeah, I listen
to everything Felix says.Yeah.
Let's just go down this road.
Let's just...
go down this road
and pretend I did believe him.Okay.
You were okay with me
living the rest of my life
thinking you died?
Yeah.
[exhales]
What?
Wow.
You have no idea
what I've been through.
Oh, spare me
the sob story, Jess.
What? Are you kid...
"The sob story"?Spare me.
Oh, my God.I don't want to hear it.
I killed someone.Yep.
And then I almost died.
Yeah, got kidnapped,
got a new identity,
blah, blah, blah.
[laughs]
Why?!
Why do I continue to believe
that you would ever have
one ounce of compassion for me?
You cannot see
it from my side
for one second.
You want me to see this
from your side?Please.
From your side?!
Yeah.You bailed!
You bailed. You abandoned me.
This might come
as a shock to you,
but not everything is about you.
I needed things, too.Yeah? You did?
Yes.
You needed to clean up
guinea pig poop in a pet store?
Oh, my God.[laughs]
Congratulations, dude.
Looks like all your dreams
came true.You always do this.
What?
What do I always do?
What do I do?
Treat my feelings
like they're an inconvenience.Yeah. Right now,
they are.
Look, I get that you've gone
through a lot, Jess, but...
[exhales]
I have, too.
God, I should be
in Canada right now.
But in...
instead, I got arrested.
I lost...
literally all my friends.
Everyone. I thought
I was going insane. I-I...
I was imagining you.
I was talking to myself.
It does... it doesn't matter.
It was all for nothing.
For nothing.
[chuckles]
Can you now spare me
the sob story?
Whatever. I'm not...
I'm not doing... Let's just go.
We can talk about this later.
Let's just go.
Go where?To... Back to Canada.
Yeah, because that turned
out so well the first time.
This isn't gonna
be like the first time.
I'm not gonna leave your side.
[sighs]
Um... Murphy...Now, our ride's waiting.
Let's go. Jess,
we don't have time for this.
We can deal with this
another time.
Let's go, Jess.
Get up
and let's go.
I...
Jess, get up!
Come on, we'll talk
about this later.All right. Okay.
[sighs]We can go.
I'm just gonna use the bathroom,
and then I'm gonna...
I'll lock up
and then we can go.
Hurry up.
[screams]
[grunting]
[squeaks]
Here, buddy.
I don't have any money.
Hi.
That took forever. Let's go.
I'm not going
anywhere with you.
Our friendship
is the most toxic thing
in the entire world.
And I'm done.
Yes, Jess.
I get that we
have our issues, okay?
But I'm not leaving here
without you.
So...
Then we have a real situation.
What's going on?
Uh, j... I just...
I-I... I just have...
I just have to convince her
to come. I-I just need
a few more minutes.
What do you mean, convince her?
You said this was gonna take
five minutes.
I need to get home to Jenny.I... I...
Yeah, she's coming, I promise.
Sh-She's coming.
Hey.
This wasn't part of the plan.
I just need...
I just need a bit more time.
Please.
Fine.
Hurry.Okay.
Find inside.
JESS:
I don't feel good around you.
I haven't for a while.
I can change.
No.
Yes, I can.No, you can't
change, Murphy.
I've been saying
the same thing to you
over and over again,
even before this,
and you never change.
I didn't realize being my friend
was such a burden.
Do you see that?
This is what you do.
You turn yourself
into the victim
until I'm the one
making you feel better.
Do you see that?
And you know what?
I'm not doing it anymore.
Please don't do this.
Not you, too.
You can't leave me, too.
You can't.You do realize
that that's not normal?
People leaving you.
That's a symptom
of a bigger problem.I know.
I know. I'm messed up. I...
I-I know, but...
Come on, Jess,
just tell me what to do,
and I'll do it.
Just tell me what to do.
I'm not gonna tell you
how to love me.
I'm trying. I'm trying.
God, just meet me halfway.
Just help me.No.
I'm done helping you.
You've ruined my life.
You ruin everyone's life.
That's why you don't
have anyone left.
♪
Well, uh, thank you for...
Thank you for meeting me.
Yeah, no problem.
So, uh,
no Christmas Eve plans?
Mm.
I'm not exactly in
the holiday spirit.
Oh, my God, this is...The best thing ever?
Mmm![chuckles]:
Yeah, I know.
[chuckles]My nana made it.
I actually regret
giving you my leftovers.Yeah, well, it's too late.
[both chuckle]
Mmm.So, what's going on?
My department found
out that I had Murphy
and chose to save my job
instead of turning her in.
[exhales]
I'm so sorry.
This is on me.
Yeah, well, you
can help me fix it.
What?
Do you have any idea
where Murphy is?
I honestly don't.
Can you find out?
I have to make
this right.
I have to. I became a cop
to catch people like her,
and I just... I
just let her go.
She is not what you think.
Oh, come on, Darnell.
She trafficked millions of
dollars' worth of heroin.
Kidnapped me,
killed your sister.
I'm pretty sure
she's what I think.
[scoffs]
Why are you still
protecting her?
Because...
Because I'm the reason
she got involved with Josiah
in the first place.
And that's when everything...
[sighs]
Hey, Darnell, look at me.
Look at me.
Your sister did not
die because of you.
She died because of Murphy.
Look, you really don't want
any more blood on your hands?
Help me stop Murphy.
She's not well,
and we don't know
what she will do next.
How many lives does
she have to destroy
before this is all over?
Okay.
[sighs]
[sniffles]
Yeah.
[line rings]
MURPHY: Hey, Darnell.Hey.
I can't-I can't
really talk right now.
Wh-Why not?
Where are you?
Felix made bail, but I think
his charges are gonna stick.
Hi.Hey.
You're not supposed to be here.SARAH: I know, I know.
And I would've waited, but
time is of the essence here.
I... Just please
hear me out.
Okay. What's up?
I found Murphy.
What?
She's at Big John'sPet Shop
in Greencastle, Indiana.
Are you joking?
Merry Christmas.
Wait a minute, how did-how did
you find this out?
Darnell's not as bad
as you think he is.
Hang on.
Greencastle's,
like, hours away from here.
I have access to choppers.
[chuckles]: Yeah, man.[chuckles]
Why are you just standing there?
Come on.
How long have you
felt like this?
A long time.
I've always lived
in your shadow.
And you don't know
what that's like
because you've never
lived in anyone's shadow.
You're like a force.
I mean,
that's how we all got here.
People will do anything for you.
Look at me.
I would do anything for you,
too. Look at me.
Don't you get it?
This is still all about you.
'Cause I'm your...
like, comfort blanket.
You can't live without me.
So can you please
stop pretending
that this is about me?
Because it's not.
It's about you.
Everything is.
Always has been.
Please, Murphy. I just want
to go back to my apartment.
No. I told you, I'm
not leaving here without you.Oh, come...
Murphy, my God. There's just...
There's nothing else to say.
It's over. It's done.
It's done.
I know that
this is hard,
but I... I really am done.
I'm sorry.
And there's nothing...
there's nothing more
that you can say or do
that-that will, you know,
that will make me
want to walk out those doors
with you.
[knock on door]
I... Hang on, it's some guy.
Dude, we're closed.
Actually,it's...
probably my ride.
Oh. Cool.
Hi.Sorry. Uh, is there
a bathroom I could use?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, come on in.Thanks. Great.
You guys almost ready?
I really have to go.
Almost.
Yeah, uh, the-the bathroom's
just in the back
through those doors.
Thank you.Mm-hmm.
Are you happy?
Is all this making you happy?
I wouldn't say
that I'm happy, but...
I think I could be soon.
[chuckles softly]
[sirens wailing]
Oh, my God.
GENE:Murphy! Come out
with your hands up!
What do we do?Nothing, just let me think.
Okay, just don't-don't move,
because they can't see us.
[sirens wailing outside]
[breathing heavily]
You said no cops.Oh, my God.
I didn't...You set me up!
[grunts] Ow! Ow! I-I...Oh, my God!
I didn't call them.GENE: We know you're in there.
Shh.
I'm telling you...There's no way out of this,
come out with
your hands up.
MURPHY:
They want me.
It has nothing to do
with you. I swear.Come on.
I swear. I'm telling
you, I prom...Shut up!
They're gonna find Jenny
and they're gonna take her away.
Listen to me, please.
I told you that
if you called the cops...
I'll kill you.
[gun cocks]No.
They want me.I'm a man of my word.
[gunshot]
You okay?
Yeah.Okay.
Where is she?I don't know. I can't see her.
She must be trying
to crawl out of there.
[door rattles]Murphy!
Jess.JESS: Yeah.
Jess.I'm here. I'm here.
I'm here.
[grunts]
[both panting]
Go.What?
Go. You were right.What are you talking about?
You were so right.
Look what just happened.
I risked your life again.
No.They don't even know
that you're here, and they think
that I killed Nia anyway, so...
I mean, I sort of did, but
this whole thing is my fault.
Just go out the back.No.
I-I can't.Yes, you can.
Yes, you can.[door rattling]
GENE:
Murphy!
Come out with your hands up!
Hold on!
I-I'm finding the door!
I'll distract them.
[crying]Go live your life.
Make some toast.
No. I can't.
Jess, I get it. I get it.
I promise I get it. You deserve
so much better than this.
GENE: Murphy, move it!We don't have much time.
Are you gonna be okay?
I always am. You don't have
to worry about me anymore.
Murphy, I do love you.
I love you too.
I love you so much.
I'm sorry.
Go out the back after I leave.
Okay.
[door opens]
Come on, Pretzel.
♪ When I was just...
GENE:
There she is. Stay alert.
♪ I asked my mother [indistinct chatter]
♪ "What will I be?"
♪ Will I be pretty?
♪ Will I be rich?
♪ Here's what she said to me
♪ Que será, será...
Murphy, you're under arrest.
You have to right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
♪ Will be...
There's no getting away
from it this time, Murphy.
I know.
Hey. I'll deal
with all this here
and meet you
back at the station.All right.
MURPHY:
Is that Sarah?
Yeah.
Jennifer Walker's alive.
She's in that Redford dude's
basement.
[engine starts]
♪ Que será
♪ Será♪♪ Que será
♪ Ooh
♪ Whatever or whoever will be
♪
♪ Que será
♪ Que será, que será.♪
GENE:
All right,
I got an officer on his way
to take you to processing,
but we are not letting you
out of our sight
until that happens.
That's fair.
What about my dog? I need him.
He can't go with you.
[sighs]
Can you at least
take him to my mom's?
I know you know the address.
Yeah. That's not a problem.
Can you give us a second?
Yeah, all right.
There anything
you want to tell me
before they take you in?
No.[chuckles]
Okay.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
That's it?
That's it.
I don't know what else
you want me to say.
You of all people
should know what it's like
when someone uses
your disability against you.Mm-hmm.
And that's exactly
what you did to me.
There's a special place in hell
for you, Murphy.
[footsteps approaching]
Okay. Thank you.
She's all yours, Officer.
[sighs]
Come here, buddy. Come here.
[sniffles]
I love you.
You're a good boy.
Good boy.
I love you.
[sniffles]
Stay.
[whining]
[door opens]
Hey.Hey.
So, Murphy was right, huh?
Yeah.
Jennifer's been
in that basement for years.
Redford really messed her up.
Good work today.
Thanks.
Was that your first?
Yeah.
How you feeling?
I don't think it's hit me yet.
You know, we have people you can
talk to and stuff if you need.
Yeah, I know. Thanks.
S-So, uh...
We're good?
Yeah. Yeah, look...
[exhales]
I know this might be
a weird time to bring this up,
given everything
that's happened today, but...
I just want
to let you know, you know,
you can date
whoever you want.
Just...
don't let it affect
your job again.
Okay.
Night.
♪
Hey, I thought
you were leaving.
Uh, I am.
Yeah, that's exactly what
this looks like.[chuckles]
Come on, man.
It's officially Christmas.
You... Go celebrate.
Well, my family
are back in Barnes.
You can come to my mom's.
Thanks, mate.
I'll think about it.
What's up, man?
I just thought it
would feel different.
You know?
I just thought that, when
I finally caught Murphy,
I'd be jumping up
and down or whatever.
You know, there's a...
an old saying.
"“Expectation is the root
of all heartache."”
[short chuckle]
Anyway, maybe you don't hate her
as much as you think, man.
Yeah, I just...
I trusted her, you know?
[chuckles softly]
Yeah, well,
good news is we got a long trial
for you to sort out
all those unresolved feelings.
[both chuckle]
Oh, shut up.
[chuckles]Thank you.
Merry Christmas, Josh.
You, too, mate.
I'll text you my mom's address,
if you feel
like being around family.Sounds good.
♪
[locks buzzes]
Hey.
It's me.
Hi.
I, um...
[exhales]
This sucks.
I'm sorry.
What are you doing here?
Um...
Well, this entire time,
I didn't...
think you deserved closure
or whatever.
But...
turns out
I actually might need it.
Right when I thought
this Christmas
couldn't get any worse.
[exhales]
Look, it's not
that I don't love you.
Okay?
I think we both know that I do.
Maybe too much.
But I just have to figure out
a way to stop.
I just have to.
Why?
Well, because...
I really want...
something stable.
I just...
I've never had that before.
In my entire life.
I want that for you, too.
And, clearly, it's not me.
Look, Murphy...
I'll probably never love anyone
the way that I love you.
But...
you know, maybe
that's a good thing.
I mean, look where we're at.
Yeah.
Maybe you're right.
Looks like you have
another visitor.
Who?
It's Felix.
I should go anyway.
Yeah.
Goodbye, Murphy.
Bye.
Hey.
Don't worry. I won't tell
my sister you're here.
It's cool. She knows.
Oh. Okay.
See you back at Lesley's.
Yeah.
Hey.
Felix.
I thought, um...
[stammers]
Gene-Gene told me
you got arrested.
I made bail.
Well, my stupid sister
made bail, but...
Hi.
[crying]
Hey.
Shh, shh.
It's okay.
Hey, it's okay.
[sniffles]Okay?
I'm here.
I'm not going anywhere.[sniffling]
All right?
No, you should go. I...
[exhales, sniffles]
I ruined your life.
I ruined everyone's life.Hey.
I-I'm not Jess.
[sniffling]Okay?
What?She...
We talked.
I'm sorry.
You have to know
I would never do that.
So please don't ever say
you ruined my life again, okay?
It's quite the opposite,
actually.
[sniffles]
That's because you didn't
have a life to ruin.
[laughing]
[chuckles, sniffles]
I promise I'm gonna
help get you out of this.
Keep in mind you weren't
the one who pulled the trigger.
Good luck.
How-How's it going? Um...
Is-is it safe?
Yeah, I'm fine.
[sniffles]
I'm okay.
And, for what
it's worth,
I just want to say
I'm-I'm really sorry for...
you know, getting all weird
and stuff.
Like, I don't-I don't know
what I was thinking. I...
You're my best friend, okay?
And that's it.
You're my best friend, too.
[chuckles softly]
Well, I know
that's only by default, but...
[chuckles]♪ Of a white
♪ Christmas
♪ With every Christmas card
♪ I write
♪ May your days
♪ Be merry
♪ And bright
♪ And may all
♪ Your Christmases
♪ Be white
♪ I'm dreaming
♪ Of a white
♪ Christmas...
[door clangs in distance]
♪ With every Christmas card
[keys jangling]♪ I write...
[door clanks, creaks open]Hello?
♪ May your days
♪ Be merry...
Hello?
[door closes]
Hi, Murphy.
♪ Your Christmases
♪ Be white.